[The following requests were completed here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1rSeY3WT55hQg8jyUNpbX0RStdHor6NbVTAsd_RbVIPQ/edit?usp=sharing)
---
## Task 1. Create a board using the API and Postman, where you will perform all subsequent tasks. Instructions for executing the request are provided in the Trello API documentation in the “Boards” section, “Create a Board” subsection.
## Task 2. Create a column on the board on the left - add the pos key and its value top to the “Params” table; set the name key in the “Params” table to Left. To do this, use the ID of your board. Documentation section “Lists”, “Create a new List” subsection. Add tests: to check the status of the code; to check the time of the request; to check that the value “name” is a string.
## Task 3. Create a column on the board on the right - add the pos key and its value bottom to the “Params” table; set the name key in the “Params” table to Right. To do this, use the ID of your board. Documentation section “Lists”, “Create a new List” subsection. Add tests: to check the status of the code; to check the request time; to check that the value “name” is a string.
## Task 4. Create a card in the left column that was created in Task 2. To do this, you should use the ID of your left column. Section of the documentation ”Cards”, subsection “Create a new Card”. Add tests: to check the status of the code; to check the request time; to check that the value “id” is a string.
## Task 5. Create a card in the right column that was created in Task 3. To do this, you should use the ID of your right column. Section of the documentation ”Cards”, subsection “Create a new Card”. Add tests: to check the status of the code; to check the request time; to check that the value “id” is a string.
## Task 6. Delete any card that was created in Task 4 or Task 5. To do this, you should use the ID of the card. Documentation section “Cards”, subsection “Delete a Card”.
## Task 7. Get information about cards on a board. To do this, you should use the ID of your board. Documentation section “Boards”, subsection “Get Cards on a Board”.
## Task 8. Update information about the created board - change the name of the board and add a description to it. To do this, add two keys to the “Params” table - name and desc with the corresponding values. Documentation section “Boards”, subsection “Update a Board”. Add tests: to check the status of the code; to check the time of the request.
